\chapter{}

\lettrine{…}{ Aryan} heard a loud cry. Probably, someone was hit by a bullet. Who could it
be? Whoever it was, he had to save them. He now fired his arrow on one of the
security guards, which hit the guard's hands. The guard dropped his gun, removed
the arrow from his hands with great effort and winced in pain. Having realized
that there were more archers, possibly all around them, the guards and the
driver got into the car and sped away.

Aryan raced toward the place from where the other arrow was shot and found
someone - dressed in a black shirt and black jeans – lying on the ground. Was
the person all right? Was he already dead? Aryan turned him around to see. It
was not a guy but a girl ...

The next instant she was on her knees. She took a knife from her pocket and
tried to pierce it through Aryan's neck. He caught her hand just in time.

“Relax. I was the one who saved you. The Minister and his guards have left. I
saw you attacking the Minister. Actually I planned to attack him too,” Aryan
said.

She pushed him on the ground, held her knife firmly against his neck and asked,
“Who are you and what are you doing here?”

“I am a trained archer. That Minister, Guru, killed my father. I was about to
launch my arrow to kill him when I noticed your arrow hit his shoulder before
mine” he said trying to free the grip of her hand on his neck.

She lifted her knife and loosened her grip.

She asked, “He killed your father too?”

He nodded and asked her, “Who is your father?”

She replied, “My father was the Renewable Energy Minister. He was working in
Delhi and this rival Minister killed him by poisoning his tea. I was aiming for
his neck, but I missed. I generally don't miss targets from such a close range.
You said he killed your father too?”

He remembered the conversation he had with the anonymous caller – that person
had mentioned two more people having been killed and the Renewable Energy
Minister was one of them. She was telling the truth. He said, “My father was a
Senior Executive in the Renewable Energy Department. I think both our fathers
were killed on the same day by the same Minister. Weren't you hit by a bullet? I
heard a loud scream.”

She said, “No, the bullets missed me. I was acting as if I was hit by a bullet -
I thought that would convince them to go away thinking they had killed me. There
was no way my arrows could have fought their guns. Fortunately, I heard the car
moving away.”

Realizing it was too dangerous to continue the discussion on that spot, he told
her - “It's risky for us to stay here for long. Let's go to my hideout in the
forest. It's just a couple of kilometers from here.”

“I can go back to my hotel room,” she protested.

“It's too dangerous to stay in the town. The police will be coming after us,” he
replied.

“But they don't know who we are,” she said.

“It will not take long time for them to discover who was behind this attempted
murder, especially in the wake of the recent murders. Who else could have the
motivation to kill the Minister? If they find that both of us were missing from
the locations we were supposed to be, it will be easy for them to associate us
with this incident. Let's go to my hideout which is beyond the reach of the
police,” he said.

She appeared thoughtful for a while and hesitated to give him a reply.

“At least for now. Once you are there you can decide whatever you want to do,”
he said.

After looking at him for a couple of seconds, she said, “OK. Let's first get out
of here. You have built a hide-out in the forest?”

“Yes. It's a safe place where the police cannot get to us,” he said.

She nodded and followed him into the woods.