\chapter{}

\lettrine{T}{wo} weeks later Aryan and Divya were back in Chennai. They rode from Tirupati to
Chennai on their bike. They checked into the same hotel near the railway station
where they had stayed earlier. By evening, they were ready to go to Mount Road
where Guru, the minister, was scheduled to address a large election rally.

Mount Road, or Anna Salai, is an important road that runs through the heart of
Chennai. Many businesses have their offices on this road. Mount Road connects
important areas of the city and hence is generally busy with a lot of vehicles
plying on this road throughout the day. Since it was difficult to get permission
to hold a political rally on the main road, Guru managed to arrange his meeting
on a small by-lane, off the main road. Traffic on that lane was blocked to
accommodate the rally.

A large temporary stage with huge banners of the minister on both sides was
constructed few meters before the far-end of the lane and chairs were laid in
straight rows, one behind the other, before the stage. Political cadres,
well-wishers, public and media who came to listen to the minister talk had
already
occupied most of the chairs. Many people were standing on the sides and behind
the chairs—the crowd almost reached the main road. Since this meeting was at
the heart of his constituency, and it was his last rally before the elections,
it was very important for the minister to create a positive impression. Guru
made sure the arrangements were grand, and the crowd was huge.

Since Guru was a Cabinet minister, this event was covered by the local media and
the national media. TV journalists, newspaper and magazine reporters, bloggers,
social-media writers and other members from the media were present in full
strength to cover the event. Guru personally oversaw all the invitations to
ensure maximum publicity.

Aryan and Divya reached Mount Road and the meeting had already started.
Introductory speeches were on, and the minister was scheduled to speak shortly.
Right opposite, across Mount Road, overlooking the stage, was an old government
building with three floors. Aryan chose this particular building because its
terrace offered a direct line of sight to the meeting stage and the building was
empty. The government department which occupied the building earlier had been
relocated, and the building was about to be sold off through an auction. An empty
building was a good choice for attacking the minister without attracting any
unwanted attention.

Aryan and Divya parked their vehicle in the neighbouring mall, two buildings
away. They were wearing black jerseys and black jeans. They brought their
archery gear in a black travel bag. They walked on the main road towards the
empty Government building. Aryan noticed a police constable sitting inside the
Government building complex. The gate of the building was closed but not locked.

There was an ATM in the neighbouring building with a private security guard. The
wall between the two buildings was almost five feet tall. Since some bikes were
parked along the wall near the ATM, Aryan was confident that he could climb on a
bike and jump over to the next building easily. Aryan quickly thought of a plan
and whispered the same to Divya.

Divya opened the gate of the empty government building and walked towards the
police constable.

“Who are you? What do you want?” the police constable asked.

“Sir, I am looking for this address,” Divya handed a paper to him.

He looked at the paper and read its contents—'Express Avenue Mall,
Royapettah'. He then looked at her. She maintained an innocent and smiling face.

He started explaining the way to reach the mall while Divya kept asking further
questions pretending to be new to the city. In the meantime, Aryan went and
stood in front of the ATM in the neighbouring building. The security guard was
busy elsewhere. Aryan quietly slipped to the side lane of the building and
jumped over the wall crashing into the neighbouring Government building compound.
He jumped high and landed on the ground once again to make sure the noise was
loud enough to be audible.

The police constable heard the thud, asked Divya to wait for a minute, and went
to the side of the building. Divya paused for a few seconds and then followed
him. On seeing Aryan, the police constable walked towards him.

“Who are you? Why did you jump the compound wall?” the constable asked.

“I am a hobbyist jumper. Jumping walls is my passion,” Aryan replied.

“What?!” the police constable said and tried to grab Aryan's shirt collar.

Aryan shoved the police constable's hand and pushed him behind. The constable's
back hit the wall of the building, but he recovered quickly and moved forward
with both his hands stretched in order to grab Aryan. Aryan moved out of his way
and pushed the constable from behind. This time the constable fell down on the
ground. Aryan took a chloroform soaked napkin and tried to cover the face of the
constable with it. But the constable caught Aryan's neck and pushed him down.
The constable rolled over Aryan, held Aryan's hand tightly and was about to
punch Aryan when Divya sprayed pepper spray on the constable's face. The
constable felt burning all over, loosened his grip over Aryan, moved his hands
quickly to cover his face. Aryan got up. Both Aryan and Divya joined forces to
push him down. They removed his hands, pressed the chloroform soaked towel on
his mouth and nose until he fainted.

Aryan and Divya tied the constable's hands and legs with a rope and stuffed a
hand kerchief into his mouth. They looked around to see if anyone noticed, but
to their relief no one was in their sight. They carried and left him in the rear
of the building. It will be a few hours before the constable gains consciousness,
but by that time they would have left the building. Aryan and Divya reached the
stairs and climbed until they reached the terrace of the building. The terrace
was locked. It had an old wooden door with holes all over it—probably the
department didn't think it was necessary to protect the terrace. Aryan removed
an iron hammer from his bag. It took him just two flings at the lock to break
it.

From the terrace, they could see the Mount Road below them. The lane which was
to be their meeting venue, after the attack, was opposite to them. There were
people sitting and standing on the lane, facing the stage. The stage was 50–60
meters away from their location, they could also see people sitting on the dais
waiting for their turn to speak. Though they couldn't identify the faces of
people on the stage clearly, they will be able to identify the minister when he
rose to speak because the loudspeakers blared the speeches around the area.
Aryan knew the voice of the minister by heart. They quickly assembled their bows
and placed their arrows on the floor next to them. Now, they were waiting for
Guru to stand up and give his speech on the microphone.

They didn't wait for long. Within fifteen minutes, the minister was invited to
speak. All the cameras focused on him. Few news channels were broadcasting the
meeting live. The opportunity that Aryan and Divya were waiting for, had finally
come. They took one arrow each, placed it on the bow string, pulled the bow
string to the requisite length, adjusted their aim, and got into striking
position.

“At the count of three,” Aryan said.

Divya nodded in agreement.

“1… 2… 3.”

Aryan and Divya released their arrows at the same time. The arrows moved quickly
in the air and within just a couple of seconds one arrow hit the minister's
chest while the other hit him on his stomach. The minister fell down on the
stage with his back on the floor unable to bear the force of the impact.

“Bingo,” they said in unison and quickly retreated five meters behind so that
the compound wall would obstruct the view of anyone looking up. Also, they
wanted to prevent their actions being recorded by the video cameras. They took
ten arrows each, loaded on their bow and released all the arrows in quick
succession. Those twenty arrows were not aimed at anyone in particular but was
released in the direction of the crowd.

After they launched all the arrows, they dropped their bows in the same
location, removed their black Jerseys and jeans and came out in the normal
clothing they had worn underneath. They quickly raced downwards, took the rear
exit, jumped into the adjacent compound and ran towards the gate. As expected,
there was commotion and people were running out from the meeting venue in all
directions. Aryan and Divya walked to the adjacent mall where they had parked
the vehicle, started their bike, and drove away on the opposite direction in the
Mount Road before the police could cordon off the area. That was one big escape!

But they were not aware that surveillance cameras kept at multiple locations had
recorded all their movements in the mall and the neighbouring compound.